Arrays and Nested Arrays Definition and Manipulation

I. Working with Arrays of Elements - Arrays in JavaScript

1. What is Array?
- they are list-like object and there are reference type, the var points to an address in memory
- the elements are numbered from 0 to length - 1;
- Neither the length of JS array nopr the types of its elements are fixed;
- length can be change at any time;
- data can be stored at non-contigous locations in the arr;
- JavaScript arrays are not guaranteed to be dense

2. Array Indextion - Setting or accessing a non-integer using bracket notation(or float index) will not set or retrieve an element from the array itself

II. Acceissing Array Elements

- Access them by there designated index
- Index that do not exists return 'undefined'

1. Rest Operation - expression that unpack all the rest elements from one arr to the other

III. Modify the Array - Mutator Methods

1. Pop 
- Removes the last element from the arr and returns that element
- changes the length of the arr;

2. Push - puts a new element to the end of the collection and returns the new length;

3. Shift 
- Removes the first element from the arr and returns that element
- changes the length of the arr;

4. Unshift - adds an element to the beginning of an arr and returns the new length

5. Splice - changes the contents of an arr by removing or replacing existing elements and/or adding new elements;

6. Fill - fills all element from start to end with static value;

7. Reverse - reverse the arr;

8. Sort - sorts the element by converting them in string and compares their UTF-8;

IV. Accessor Methods

1. Join - joins them by specified separator;
2. indexof - returns the indec of the element or -1;
3. Concat - use to concat arrays without changes, just returns a new one
4. Includes - Determines whether an arr contains a certain element, returning true or false as appropriate
5. Slice - returns a new copy of an arr from start to end postion without end included

V. Iteration Methods
1. ForEach - execute a function to each element in the arr;
2. Filters the arr by criteria
3. Find - finds and element and returns a value if the criteria is met given by the function 
4. Any - sees if at least one element in the arr passes the criteria given by the function;
5. Maps - creates an new arr by involking a function to every element in the arr;
6. Reducer - reduce an arr to one el, by executing reducing function to every element in the arr!

VI. Array of Arrays - nested Array - declare arr with arrays inside it;